- We stand before Master of Jackals/Titans/Phoenix
    - Red Hand Trainees reverent
    - We bow without prostrating ourselves
    - Levia observes that the Master of Phoenix is the head of the masters
- The masters bow towards Meth!?
    - They recognize him as a master
- They let us into the building — stone room
- After a series of hallways, 4 statues
    - Depicting Masters of Jackals, Phoenix, Titans, and another one?
    - Master of Titans opens several huge brass doors
    - Unknown one is of a hobgoblin of some kind
    - Taking us to the inner sanctum (with a silver door)
- Sanctum has some altar thing
    - Has ceramic bowl, scalpel, hair, small (dipping-size) cup, tweezer on it
    - Stibbs puts his head in the bowl, brutally beheaded by the Master of Titans with 1 punch
- “We kill to gain power. That is our credo”
    - “Only through great struggle can you achieve great power”
    - “With great power comes great responsibility” — Meth
    - “Responsibility is for the weak”
- They’ve made a deal with the Red Hand to get power after their conquest
- The masters have absolute control over the trainees
    - They can order people to kill themselves
    - Trainees who leave are still bound by the control
- Meth calls them cowards!?
    - AND HE DOUBLES DOWN
- Master of Phoenix challenges Meth the “False Master” to combat!
    - If we win, we prove the credo and the trainees will stand down
    - If they do, we die

## The Challenge

- Levia, Snake-Oil, Meth vs. the 3 masters
- Starting fight: Master of Jackals vs. Levia
    - Fights with a black (shadow?) staff
    - Darkness on Levia
    - 18 < AC < 20
    - Jackals gets impaled
- Master of Phoenix next up
    - Blood evaporates
    - Beats Levia, Meth comes in
    - He knows Master Yu, calls him insane
        - Meth finally acknowledges this
    - He nonlethally deals with him
- Master of Titans
    - Has tattoos showing he killed his tribe
    - Nonlethally defeated

## Aftermath

- Master of Phoenix burns the Master of Titans to death in shame
- Meth convinces most of them to live for themselves
- Master of Locusts left with the Red Hand people a while back
- Goblin recruits come from Greypeak Mountains
- We find a SUS room
    - Unlit
    - “Butt room”
    - Chains, torture devices, traces of dried blood
    - Skeletons triggered on alarm but dispelled EZ
- Erris finds a journal — method Master of Locusts used to brainwash new members
    - One of the code words gives agony — “**Liberation**”
- Another room — undead minotaur in a test room?
    - Logistics on when they arrive — every 3 months
    - Route they take from the mountains — wary of the lizardfolk (?)
    - Random note: dozens of poached lizardfolk eggs!?
        - Taken with them when they left (special orders)
        - (we speculate) Sacrifice?
    - Other delivery requests: Deliver to Wyrmlord Koth (dead guy), General Kharn, Saarvith (dead as of Rhest mission), Stormcaller/Wyrmlord Ulwai (”be wary of Ghostlord”)
        - One location provided: Skull Gorge
            - It’s where they’ve been before, so probably not super useful
        - Also: marks where Ulwai Stormcaller is (in the Thornwaste)
- Sending to Rima
    - SHE RESPONDS!
    - “You’re alive? They said you were dead. I’m hurt. So is everyone. There are 9 hostages. In swamp. Lots of ruins. Maybe Rhest? Be careful. Summoning”
- We get the Master of Phoenix to talk by threatening to shove eggs up his ass
    - Stolen lizardfolk eggs taken to Rhest
    - Most recent was Drellin’s Ferry
    - Leader has ability to manifest himself to the masters
- Female hobgoblin (Chook)
- Rene just beats the shit out of him until he dies lmao
- Scroll of Sticky Darkness on the Jackals Master
- Potion of Flying on the Titan Master