## The Day Before

In media res: Meth violently shakes Rene to wake her up after the vision

Cut back to what we were doing before:

- Erris reads another old book (20-40 thousand years old)
    - Plato’s Republic, but for elves
- Queens are mentioned — suspiciously old
- Levia puts a plant outside and it gets rained on
- Ant “fishes” off the bridge with 50 ft of hempen rope
    - The bridge is 400-500 ft…..
- Meth was just helping out
    - He converts people’s houses into a wagon
    - Meth puts an M on their carts
    - Meth’s Motorhome

## The Morning

- We evacuate the rest of the town, but the Terrelton refugees have yet to show up
- We talk to Immerstal
    - He mentions summoning a 40x40 ooze from the plane of Broth (?)
- Also tells us the refugees should arrive by nightfall
- Evacuate the last one “this isn’t the last you’ve seen of the Nimons!”
- We walk ~4 miles in the direction of the coming refugees — terrain would be difficult to transport an army
    - 20 carriages in a straight line, filled with people
- We start walking back and get back at 9 PM
- 400-500 people got out of Terrelton
- Ant detect storm is magical — prevent people from moving by air

## Destroying the Bridge

- Dimensions:
    - Height 400-500 ft
    - Length ~250 ft
    - Width ~40 ft
- Erris narrowly avoids death
- Ant is a eunuch because he “once got too close to a toad”
    - “Rite of passage for the lizardfolk”
- “A familiar entity wreathed in red destroyed Rhest to set off the events of the next 200 years. They failed due to unforeseen resistance from the opposition”
    - Candidates: Abythriax, Innil

## Dawn of the 29th

Rene Sendings to Triam:

- From Levia and Meth, Red Hand attacking Talar twelve days, then Evereska. Rally Evereskans. Defend Talar. Meet with allied army there. Don't trust Queen Hunt.
- Response: Understood. Just arrived in talar. On my way to Evereska, will ask Mother for help. I already do not trust the queens.We must talk.